Now he has an SMP message once again from the network management station.
In other words NPM to Rodda to 10:01 102.
You can see this is a nascent Impey message.
And S&P uses UDP or use a datagram protocol which is a connection with protocol unlike TZP UDP doesn't
provide reliability in the same way that TZP does.
You'll also notice that the Porto's Pt. 1 6 1.
So the network management station is communicating with the Rodda on destination port 1 6 1 and the
rodders replying back from port 1 6 1 to the ephemeral or random port number that was chosen by the
end a mess.
For this connection it's important to remember that UDP port 161 is the destination port that the.
And a mess.
Initiate sessions too.
In other words the NMSL NPM in this case he's going to be initiating sessions to routers on port 161.
You need to ensure that your firewalls all access lists are ACLC permit or allow UDP port 161 from the
mess to the devices that are being monitored and the reverse traffic also needs to be permitted.
You may even want to configure devices to use a non-default port for SMP.
So rather than using the default port of 161 you may choose to use a nother port number like 10000 161.
You would configure that on the device and you would also need to configure that on NPM So knows which
port number to use to connect to that device for monitoring in both the House and AP get an S&P request
as well as the response you'll see the ID values and maybe information that NPM is getting from the
device.
So in the request we can see that the values are null and in the reply we can see the actual values
for those IDs.
We'll explore that in more detail in a separate video where we discuss IDs maps and other options.